.fin
.all
     Getting onto the computer usually involves two steps: first you connect
the communication channel, and then you log into Multics.  The communication
channel is connected either from the terminal itself or by way of a telephone.
The exact method varies with each Multics site, so you will have to find out
the details from someone at your site.  In some cases, terminals are connected
directly to Multics so that you do not have to go through the process of
connecting the communication channel.  In any case, once your terminal is
connected to Multics, a two-line banner, such as the following, is displayed
across the top of the screen:

.fif
Multics MR10.2: Honeywell LCPD Phoenix, System M (Channel c.h118)
Load - 140.0 out of 210.0 units: users - 154, 12/14/83 1313.5 mst Wed
.fin

     Immediately below this banner, you type the login "command." In the
simplest invocation of this command, whose short name is the letter l, you
simply supply your "user name" and conclude with a carriage return:

l Smith

You will then be asked to type your password:
.fif

l Smith
Password:
.fin

When you finish typing your password, which, by the way, will not be
displayed, you conclude with another carriage return.

     There are, however, other things you can do while logging in.  If you are
registered on more that one project, you can supply the name of the project
you want to be logged in on.  For example:

l Smith Sales

Otherwise, you are logged in automatically to a predetermined project.

     You can also arrange to change your password by using the
-change_password "control argument" with the login command.  When you do this,
you will, of course, be asked to supply your current password in the usual
manner.  Then you will be asked twice to type the new password.  After that,
the new password will be your key to Multics.

     Sometimes you may log in on a terminal that is different from the type
you normally use, and you should tell Multics that you're doing so.  That way,
things printed on your screen will be formatted and otherwise displayed
properly.  This is done with the -terminal_type control argument.  To indicate
what type of terminal you have, you give the standard name of the terminal to
the control argument as follows:

l Smith -terminal_type VIP7801
