.fin
.all
     To format documents precisely, you can use either of two "commands" and
their associated formatting controls.  The simpler of the two is the
format_doc command.  It has eight controls that enable you to specify page
length and width, alignment, and indentation.  It is very useful for simply
formatted documents like letters.  The compose command, on the other hand, has
many more controls and can thus be used for both simple and complex documents.
It provides additional capacity for, among other things, footnoting, varying
the length of pages, and creating tables.

     Use of these two commands is very easy.  For example, to format a
document with the format_doc command, you simply use the name of the "segment"
containing the document's text as the "pathname argument" for the command (the
segment's name must have the suffix '.fdocin' but it need not be supplied on
the "command line"):

format_doc letter_seg -output_file letter

The command then reads the controls in 'letter_seg' and formats the document
accordingly.  The output_file "control argument" specifies that the formatted
document is to be placed in a segment named 'letter.'  That segment can then
be printed out on a printing machine.

     Below is an example of a segment that contains formatting controls.  The
controls used are those for the format_doc command, though in this example
they are identical to some of the controls used by the compose command.  Note
that each control must be preceded by a period at the beginning of the line
and be placed on the line by itself.  (The numbers at the left in this example
are reference points for the explanation that follows; they should not be used
when formatting text.)
.fif

1   .pdw 60
2   .fif
3   .in 35
.fin

     Line 1 sets the line length (page width) to 60 characters.  Line 2 turns
fill mode off so that the partial lines that make up the date and address are
not run together to fill up 60 character lines.  Line 3 indents the date 35
spaces.
.fif

4   January 6, 1983
5   
6
7   .in
.fin

     Lines 5 and 6 will come out blank in the formatted document.
Line 7 resets the indentation to the left margin.
.fif

8   Zimmerman Widget Company
9   53698 Dixie Highway
10  Drayton Plains, Michigan  28999
11
12  Dear Sir:
13
14  .fin
.fin

     Line 14 turns fill mode on so that the body of the letter is filled out
in 60 character lines.
.fif

15  Thank you for delivering a new set of widgets.  We will put them to use
16  immediately.
17
18  .in 35
19  Sincerely,
20
21  Michael P. Marley
.fin

     Finally, line 18 indents the signature block the same as the date.  The
formatting control on line 18 keeps the indentation in effect for line 21 as
well as line 19.  In fact, when the '.in' control is used with a particular
value, that indentation stays in effect until the '.in' control is used again
with another value.
