     The Tutorial uses several keys from the keyboard that may need explaining.

     When printing reaches the bottom of your terminal screen, the following
line will be printed:

More? (RETURN for more; DEL to discard output.)

If you want printing to continue at that point, press the RETURN key or
whatever key on your keyboard serves the purpose that carriage return serves
on a typewriter.  If you want to stop the printing, press the DEL key instead,
or whatever key serves the function of deleting.

     Function keys perform certain operations with the pressing of just the
one key.  On most keyboards, they are set apart from the regular letter and
number keys and are marked F1, F2, etc.  Use of the F1 and F2 keys are
explained by options 2 and 3 of this menu.  F3 causes the menu you were most
recently working in to be redisplayed, unless you are in the first menu, the
one displayed above right now, when you use F3.  If you are in the first menu,
you will get the menu before the last if you press F3.  You cannot get to the
first menu by using the F3 key, but each menu contains an option for getting
back to the first menu.  Similarly, the first menu provides options for
getting to every other menu in the Tutorial.

     F4 ends the tutorial session and puts you back at "command level."

     Some keyboards don't have function keys, so you have to use another
mechanism instead.  That involves pressing the ESCAPE key down quickly and
releasing it and then typing a second character.  For example, use the ESCAPE
key with the letter q for ending the tutorial session.  The ESCAPE key is
usually labelled ESC, though it may also be labelled ALT or ALTMODE.  Other
uses for the ESC key are described later in the Tutorial.  The ESC sequences
that substitute for function keys are:

     ESC g -- F1
     ESC c -- F2
     ESC p -- F3
     ESC q -- F4

     The CONTROL key is similar to ESC in that it is used in combination with
other keys.  It is different, however, in that when using it you hold it down
while pressing the other key.  The key is usually labelled CTL, though it may
also be labelled CTRL or CNTRL.  Uses for this key are described later in the
Tutorial.
