     A mailbox is a "segment" where mail is received and stored.  A mailbox may
also receive messages, if it is specified by the send_messages "command."
Otherwise, deferred messages are placed in a temporary segment which has no
visible name.  Once you read the messages from that segment, the messages
disappear.

     Every mailbox has a name that ends with the suffix '.mbx' (for example:
letters.mbx).  This suffix is added automatically when you create a mailbox,
and whenever you refer to a mailbox when using one of the mail commands, you
do not have to include the suffix explicitly in the name.  For example, the
"command line":

read_mail high_priority

will cause read_mail to read from the mailbox named high_priority.mbx.

     Mailboxes with the '.mbx' suffix may be used for receiving and saving
mail.  There are also mailboxes whose name contains the double suffix
'.sv.mbx'; these are used exclusively for saving mail that has been received
in another mailbox.

     The first time mail is sent to you, a mailbox is automatically created to
receive that mail.  This mailbox is named with your "user name" and the suffix
'.mbx' (e.g., JSmith.mbx).  This is the only mailbox created automatically.
Any other mailboxes you wish to have for receiving and saving mail must be
created with the mbx_create command.  For example, the command line:

mbx_create high_priority.sv

will create a mailbox named high_priority.sv.mbx.

     When your mailbox contains more than one piece of mail, each one is
assigned a number, and you can refer to them by those numbers.  If you do not
give a number when making a request, the request operates on the current
piece of mail.  When you enter read_mail, number 1 is automatically current.
You can designate another piece to be current by listing it with the list
request.  In fact, whenever you request anything be done with a piece of mail,
it becomes the current piece, unless, of course, you delete it, in which case
the one after it becomes current.
